0=images/Character Boy.png
1=images/Character Cat Girl.png
2=images/Character Horn Girl.png
3=images/Character Princess Girl.png
b=images/Brown Block.png
x=images/Character Pink Girl.png
x=images/Chest Closed.png
x=images/Chest Lid.png
x=images/Chest Open.png
w=images/Dirt Block.png
x=images/Door Tall Closed.png
x=images/Door Tall Open.png
x=images/Enemy Bug.png
x=images/Gem Blue.png
x=images/Gem Green.png
x=images/Gem Orange.png
x=images/Grass Block.png
x=images/Heart.png
x=images/Key.png
x=images/Plain Block.png
x=images/PlanetCuteShadowMockup.jpg
x=images/PlanetCuteShadowTest.png
x=images/Ramp East.png
x=images/Ramp North.png
x=images/Ramp South.png
x=images/Ramp West.png
r=images/Rock.png
x=images/Roof East.png
x=images/Roof North East.png
x=images/Roof North West.png
x=images/Roof North.png
x=images/Roof South East.png
x=images/Roof South West.png
x=images/Roof South.png
x=images/Roof West.png
x=images/Selector.png
x=images/Shadow East.png
x=images/Shadow North East.png
x=images/Shadow North West.png
x=images/Shadow North.png
x=images/Shadow Side West.png
x=images/Shadow South East.png
x=images/Shadow South West.png
x=images/Shadow South.png
x=images/Shadow West.png
x=images/SpeechBubble.png
x=images/Star.png
x=images/Stone Block Tall.png
x=images/Stone Block.png
x=images/Tree Short.png
x=images/Tree Tall.png
x=images/Tree Ugly.png
x=images/Wall Block Tall.png
x=images/Wall Block.png
x=images/Water Block.png
x=images/Window Tall.png
x=images/Wood Block.png
